you
pokernews.com I'm Tiffany Michelle and
I'm talking with Brian devonshire or
Divo as we like to call him for those of
you who aren't familiar with the success
and times of devo Brian you have a
really good ship lead at this point I
know this tournaments been a
rollercoaster for you there's a few
times when you were totally out on the
limb kind of walk me through how your
past couple days have been going well
the first day is really an exercise and
just being super card dead and I'm so
grateful for the structure here de
Blasio because otherwise I would in no
shot if this is any sort of World Series
event but have been busto a long time
ago and so I pretty much spent the first
stage is trying to hang on and it today
with forty thousand four hundred day two
is more the emotional rollercoaster ride
doubled up quick blast it all back got
back up to like 85,000 lost it all back
to 50,000 third level got it to like 85
lost it back and then finish the third
level of about 90 or so thousand
yesterday and then level floor yesterday
display some really good just small pot
pokers picking up every sing a little
small pot that was available I ended up
raising like six out of seven hands
straight at one point really kind of
tortured Hoyt corkins yesterday which
was nice because he was the chip leader
on the table and I got really lucky I
had a lot of big hands in the blinds and
he opened for a lot of big raises from
in position then in the last the fourth
to last and the second last hand last
night flop trips and flopped a set that
gave me some really big pots and kind of
propelled me into today with 217,000
today I have a I've only had one hand
really I was a hand with Kings where
Martin Dickie nif went all in under the
gun for about fifty thousand and Carlos
Mortensen who's the chip leader the
table and has been torturing this table
flat called and I looked down to two
kings in the big line I'm leg up carlos
has me covered I really don't want to
screw around in this spot so I decided
to shove all in over the top him and
Carlos thought for a long time and
finally laid down his Queens face up
which is a great lay down so a few ends
later flopped the nut straight and then
put a four-card straight on the board on
the turn you know I kind of lost some
chips there but feeling good I really
like my table spot Carlos and me are
kind of spread out and he's playing some
good poker and we'll see how it goes i'm
sitting at 317 dollars right now
pretty close to that so should be an
inch in little battle here we got going
on and just happy to be here and happy
to see if it comes up in the rest of the
day and hopeful cruise in the money is a
decent chip stack nice nice okay now
obviously can breathe easy now but this
is one of the biggest term it's this is
25,000 by and at some of the best
players and I know you're a younger more
up-and-coming player you know doing
really well but obviously it's not like
you're Phil Ivey where it's like Oh 25k
no big deal I mean does that affect you
when you're at the table I know you
satellite in but the pressure of it
being such a big event are you able to
kind of like ignore that and just play
your game well fortunately I'm stake in
this event so I'm stone-cold free
rolling and you know I really get to
play poker without worrying about the
money and worrying about you know the
money involved and so I can really open
up my game and really play to win and
just kind of go along that route so it's
it's neat ov you know this is a super
bowl poker like playing some of the
biggest best names and one of the
biggest frustrations I've had is that no
one will give me their chips like you
have to earn them and you have to make
some hands and play some poker like you
know any other spot someone would have
called with Carlos is ham but the guys
good enough to make the lay down and
what events at the World Series coming
up are you most looking forward to
playing probably the limit events
probably the five thousand ten thousand
dollar limit events limit junkie well
thanks for talking to us it's bryan
devonshire or Divo as we like to call
him day three with the really nice chip
sex and at carlos mortensen stable good
luck to you poker news com